408 readme explain (#417)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: README.md

### diff_all_subnets analysis type
The output is very similar to the one in `diff_all_endpoints` with `vsis` replaced by `subnets`: `src` and `dst` are as in analysis `all_subnets` and the last column is `subnets-diff-info` 

> ### explain analysis type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `explain` analysis type
```
and for the other analysis types in headers

> Answers the query regarding `src`, `dst` and the provided `protocol` and `port` parms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answers the query regarding `src`, `dst` and the provided `protocol` and `port` cli options. 
```

> If the queried connection or a subset of it is allowed then a list of the enabling resources - e.g. public-gw-ky, security group sg1-ky and network ACL acl1-ky - is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the queried connection or a subset of it is allowed, then a list of the enabling resources is provided. Examples for enabling resources:  public-gw, security group, and network ACL.
```

> If the required connection is blocked then details of the blocking resources - e.g. missing fip or blocked egress - is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the required connection is blocked, then details of the blocking resources is provided. For example, a missing FIP could be a missing resource for connectivity to public Internet, or NACL rule could block certain direction ingress/egress. 
```

> In debug mode the list of the relevant (allow/deny) rules is also provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In debug output format the list of the relevant (allow/deny) rules is also provided.
```
Should differentiate between `debug` output format, to `-debug` cli option (which only adds more logs during the run).
